docs: add helm-installation (#81)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/common/verify-installation.md

> To check the performance of Chaos Mesh, execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the running status of Chaos Mesh, execute the following command:
```

```sh
kubectl get po -n chaos-testing
```

The expected output is as follows:

```sh
NAME                                        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
chaos-controller-manager-69fd5c46c8-xlqpc   1/1     Running   0          2d5h
chaos-daemon-jb8xh                          1/1     Running   0          2d5h
chaos-dashboard-98c4c5f97-tx5ds             1/1     Running   0          2d5h
```

> If your actual output is similar to the expected output with `Version`, `GitCommit`, `GitTreeState`, and `GoVersion`, it means that Helm is installed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your actual output is similar to the expected output with `NAME`, `READY`, `STATUS`, `RESTARTS`, and `AGE`, it means that Helm is installed successfully.
```
